Update building docs (#1667) (#1669)
onivim/oni2: docs/docs/for-developers/building.md

### OSX

> Once you have a release build created, you can install Oni2 on `/Applications` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have a release build created, you can install Oni2 in your `Applications` folder.
```

Run the following from the `oni2` directory:

> - `cp -R _release/Onivim2.app /Applications`

Reviewer: Don't you typically install user apps in the user's `Applications` folder? Seems like this might require `sudo` as well.

> Also, if you want the `oni2` command to open the editor from terminal you need to add Oni2 to system PATH:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to open the editor from terminal with an `oni2` command, you can add Oni2 to the system PATH using a command item within the app:
```
